Link to Finished CodePen: https://codepen.io/elijahk247/pen/qBboyWp?editors=1100

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 

        We use the word semantic to describe tags with meaning. When we say semantic HTML,
        it means the tags that we are using have inherent descriptions as to what we are doing 

    2. What is HTML used for? 

        HTML is one of the languages that are used for web development.
        As described in the modules, we utilize HTML to create the foundation of a webpage.
        We use it to display data in a graphical form that can then be layered with CSS and JavaScript.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 

        Attributes are another way we can supply data to an element, which is used when we 
        need to include information that we don't want to render on the page

        The attribute goes in the opening tag of the element.
            ex. <a href="about">hello</a>
                -href is the attribute

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?

        The h1 tag is one of six heading tags that are used to present the subject matter of the page.
        While it is possible to use the h1 tag multiple times, the best practice is to limit it to the
        most important heading for the webpage. 

    5. Name two tags that have required attributes

        Two tags that require attributes are the a ('anchor') tag and the img ('image') tag.
        A tag requires the href attribute and  the img tag requires the src attribute.

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 

        If we are adding CSS to our web page, the head is utilized to inform the web page that
        the browser is going to be reading CSS. This is done through HTML elements style and link.

    7. What is an id?

        Ids specify a unique id for an HTML element.           

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    10. What is a class? 
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    15. How do I reference an id?
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    17. What is CSS used for? 
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
    35. How often should I commit to github?
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 